---
layout: post
title: 5th Post
---

### What did I do this past week?
This week my group and I worked on phase 2 of the IDB project.  Working with several people is great for spitballing ideas and for catching errors as we write code, but if I ever see a blank page from a server crash again I may lose all CS lab privileges. My team has done a great job of meeting up consistently and spending time working on the project, but our lack of experience is certainly hurting us here. 

### What's in my way?
Right now the thing in our way is implementing search, we've found 3 or 4 different and well thought out ways to do this, and each one seems to fail for one reason or another. We need to figure out what is wrong with at least one of them and successfully implement it. Subsequently we have a group presentation that I'm going to worry about for the next few days. 

### What will I do next week?
Next week concludes phase 3 of the IDB project and a group presentation. My group has the benefit of being one of the last to present so that is one thing going for us. We tried to get a headstart on critiquing the other groups website but ran into some issues. 

### Tip-of-the-week?
Take a break. Seriously 5 minutes not looking at your computer screen will do wonders for your mentality and your project. Just make sure to come back after your break and actually finish the dang thing. Also make sure that your break doesn’t turn into you de facto quitting the project. That would be bad. Obviously.

### Quotes of the week

Dr. Downing: "So far so good? It gets bad in a hurry so ask questions."

Dr. Downing: "Its reasonable to say that. Its the wrong thing to say but reasonable."

Dr. Downing: "In a galaxy far far away, I had an actual job something all of you will soon have. I needed to update a library of classes. They changed one little thing in a parent class and all of my code crashed. So here's what that thing was . . . It took me 3 days to find it and I thought I'd save you all the trouble."

