---
layout: post
title: 2nd post
---

What did I do this past week?

This past week we went over the intracacies of iterables. In addition I also learned about list comprehension, generators, lambdas, and maps. The intracacies of the difference between [] and {} are a quite astounding. On Tuesday I turned in the JSON file for the Collatz project. After going over the background info of the Netflix project Dr. Downing was very suggestive about having a partner. So I went and found a partner and we started going over how we would implement our predictions. 

What's in my way?

Things that are in my way: Travis-ci refuses to build correctly, the readings for this class, the readings for my other class, and laziness. I plan on going to lab hours and asking the TA if he can help me figure out whats wrong with the build for Travis. The readings for the two classes are quite time consuming so time management is a must. However my other class will be over before this class which will free up some time. 

What will I do next week?

Next week my partner and I will finish the Netflix project. And I imagine Dr. Downing has fun things in store for class to go over about python. I'm sure the next quizzes will ask which piece of code is 'eager' or 'lazy'. Throughout the week I'll try to have the readings finished by Friday. 

Tip-of-the-week?

Last week my tip was to assume that everyone else in the room was smarter than you and to ask them questions to save yourself time. This week my tip is to try everything you can think of no matter how silly or ridiculous it sounds. 