---
layout: post
title: 3rd Post
---


### What did I do this past week?

Well I finished project 2 and get an RMSE under .97. After finishing project 2 I started to work on a programming lab for Intro to Security that was much more pleasant than waiting for Travis to tell me that my build was 'still failing.' I learned about the 6 stories of parameters in python functions this week which was really interesting and tedious. I started studying for Monday's exam, if you can call making trivial examples of generators and comprehensions run on my computer studying. 

### What's in my way?

Things that are in my way: my family decided to come to Austin (without telling me), making my cheatsheet for the exam on Monday, and ensuring that I understand closures, the difference between iterables and iterators, replication, and defining methods in python. 

### What will I do next week?

On Monday I'll have the first software engineering exam, woo! After that I'll have a Tuesday free to work on Security lectures and an AES project. Maybe I'll actually be done early for once.

### Tip-of-the-week?

Find a study buddy. Find a study buddy. Find a study buddy. Find a study buddy. I wonder if I'm trying to tell you to find a study buddy.

### Quotes of the week

I thought I would start including quotes of the week involving Dr. Downing and his interactions with the class, for anyone that thinks class is boring and chooses not to show up or for people who think that Dr. Downing is scary and want a reason to not show up. 
1)	Student: "To be clear?"
	Downing: "Again?! My god it couldn't have been put any clearer!"
2)	Downing: "This is extremely elegant. These 4 lines accomplished what the 1st 15 lines above did. You don't look excited. This is the highpoint of the class!! Be excited!"
3)	Student: "What happens if we have a dictionary of dictionaries? We would use ***?"
	Downing: "Huh, I don't know. I've never really thought about it. I think I'll put it on the exam with your name on it."

