---
layout: post
title: 1st Post
---

What did you do this past week?
This past week I have spent most of time getting used to the services provided by github and git. When I haven't been working on those two I have been attending lecture for Software Engineering and Intro to Security. Thus far Software Engineering has thrown me for a loop. From learning python and installing 7 pieces of software (hoping that they all play nice with each other) has not been the easiest experience for a class that I have had. The lectures have been filled to the brim with information and Dr. Downing’s methods of keeping class engaged have been terrifying. It’s been awhile since I have been in a class where the teacher calls on you but it’s definitely a great way to keep people on their toes. I can definitely see why people recommend taking his class as I’ve found them informative and engaging. 

What’s in your way?
The two things in my way right now is my inability to use github properly and having two classes that demand all of my time. I’ll need to plan out how to handle finishing this 2 projects and a test for next week if I intend on surviving the summer. I also still don’t have Extreme Programming, thanks Amazon, so quiz questions that cover information from the book are a worry of mine. 

What will I do next week?
For next week I plan on starting early for the second project, studying for my test on Friday, and reading the chapters that I’ve missed from extreme programming. 

Tip-of-the-week
Assume that everyone else in the room is smarter or has a better work ethic than you. Got the assumption? Now go ask them how they did things so that you don’t spend hours trying to figure out what you’ve done wrong. 



