---
layout: post
title: 4th Post
---


### What did I do this past week?
This week we had our first test in class. I think it went well enough but I was pretty worried about possible syntax issues. This week we had some guest from Pariveda come speak about software integration tools, before being given the group project specks. New things that we learned about for python include decorators and constructing a complex. I think decorators are an interesting way to modify functions but only as a fancy utility rather than a useful tool. 

### What's in my way?
The largest thing in my way is a great deficit of knowledge for a project that involves building a website. The number of articles/videos that I have watched in the past week for html, SQL, RESTful API is much higher than it needs to be for what little information that I seemed to have retained. There's also a final in the upcoming week so that will take up the bulk of my time.

### What will I do next week?
Next week includes the 4th of July, the first stage of the IDB project, with a project and final exam for Security. In addition I aim to avoid being the useless link in the group project and will be revisiting many of those videos and articles that I mentioned earlier.

### Tip-of-the-week?
Have you ever scrolled down to the bottom of the project page that Dr. Downing puts up? No? Give that a shot, it might save you a bit of time from random googling.

If you haven't ever done anything in HTML go here http://www.3schoolscom/html/html_styles.asp it seems to be a pretty robust learning website for it. 

### Quotes of the week
We only had 1 and a half lectures for Software this week so there weren't many opportunities for some good quotes. 

Dr. Downing: "If you don't include this check in your methods you might come back and say that an elephant is a complex! Which of course is ridiculous"

Dr. Downing: "Not looking excited for what is clearly the highpoint of the class again."

Student: "Dr. Young do you happen to know when and where the final exam will be held? Your website says a different date than what the registrar said?"
Dr. Young: "They changed the room and time? This is news to me." 

Dr. Young: "At some point during the grading I was just so disgusted that I considered throwing the quiz out."